action public bacon and today I want to
talk about fruits so if you happen to be
on your way over in Asia to Asia or
you're thinking of taking a trip to Asia
and you love fruit as much as I do also
timber is the best month to go visit
especially in Southeast Asia for fruits
I'm actually here in the Philippines
Cebu Island to be exact so I want to
share with you some of the fabulous
delicious fruit that i found today I was
just out walking the street market so
does afraid abundant I'm so I'm going to
share with you what kind of fruits are
readily available here as of September
so I got I got run the tans you know how
I always talk about rum botanas these
around the chance these little things
that looks like fireballs it is so sweet
it's a type of lychee so inside it's
white but it's very sweet juicy and
September Ashley at the end of about
October the last week of october and
September is the most abundant time and
it has these fruit I don't know going to
see it but I'm going to open it here see
how it's flush a white spot you eat this
white flesh here very delicious so
heard from that we also have my favorite
favorite which has a lot of good health
benefits if you check around about
mangosteens some basil seems here it is
mangosteens these are mango spoons these
are super sweet if you eat this there's
it's it's really tasty it's smell some
to have a very appealing smell I don't
know how to describe it you just gotta
try one of these yourself it is like a
burst of energy natural fruit candies I
call it natural candies from nature so
you got to try one of these these here
in the Philippines they're selling at
about 100 pesos so in translation and us
that's about two dollars for about a
kilo which is three pounds so are you
doing that yeah so it's about two
dollars per keep try these these are
awesome if you just check around and go
to google and check mangosteen ma and
gos te en you're gonna see it's fabulous
for all sorts of health reasons and for
a burst of energy that you need Oh
let me show you I don't know me I'm just
so excited so super excited have you
seen these this is also a type of beachy
it's super sweet these are really really
sweet if you eat this it makes the
rubble 10 these taste like food hmm
anyway these are awesome if you ooh next
I just got to show you these if you
peeled it has these fleshy BTW it's just
another type of lychee but it's super
sweet try these fabulous and formal is
my favorite like favorites I have to
show you these are so these social
issues you know get to be there guavas
can you believe it Wallace oh my god
these are delicious I was just taking
one of their jitney which is like one of
their main transportation little sort of
like that Trella that's converting to a
man so like bus that they used a lot of
people here take but i was just riding
on and I saw these they were practically
glowing on the shelves of the fruit
stamp oh come eat me I'm so fresh and
delicious glowing I
Obama's I love it all sorts of fruit and
here in the traffic they have so much
abundance of all sorts of breaks like if
you live in the US you probably won't
see much of these different selections
like the lychees brown boot and lynn
sony's I've got these are lunch so means
they call it but anyway I remember
bringing these lychees to work and I was
just eating it snack it away and just
like oh my god these are so delicious I
was just eating our cubicles and in one
what is my American friends came by to
my cubicle say what the heck are you
eating those things are looks alien and
I was like man these are so delicious
it's up type of beachy it's very sweet
ought to try and she's like look kind of
weird so she's missing out a lot if
you're afraid of interest and travel
around a lot definitely give these
trucks albeit one more thing of
balancing mangoes mango oh my God look
how the skin just glow I don't know if
it's with this lighting if you could
tell but the skin of this manual just
glow you see how it is it's my first
fourth energy i'm usually here most of
the more all organic so i cannot stop
eating all these fruits i mean every day
I'm just like oh my god is there Daniel
it's eric volta there lychees there
around banana so in see these three the
mangosteen the rumba tan and
my soon missoni these I was searching it
I've been sheer living in Philippine for
almost a year and all year round I was
like asking the people around towns like
is it rotating it is there any wrote
ends there any magazines earning silly
and this month is September so all these
fruits are regularly available
everywhere and it's Kentucky new
enjoying it for all its benefits it
tastes good it gives me a bunch of
energy i'm just a foot person so every
person here and enjoy the fruits mango
guava mango scenes and sony and rubbish
is my favorite so come and join yum yum
yum yum yum anyway my name is babe thank
you for joining me today until next time
oh and be sure to come visit me at my
website my blog actually knew Faye calm
till they die